# HOW TO RUN THE EXAMPLES #

To run the examples, simply follow the instructions below.

# Example script : beautify/beautify.php #

This sample scripts simply beautifies the contents of file *sample.rtf* and echo them on standard output.

# Example script : beautify/beautify_perf.php #

This script tries, apart from beautifying sample files, tries to do a performance comparison between the **RtfStringBeautifier** and **RtfFileBeautifier** classes.

It also tests the performances of the **RtfFileBeautifier** class on a file which should be too large to fit into memory.

## Generating the sample files ##

The sample file, used by the by the *create\_sample.php* script described above, contains the first two pages of the latest Rtf format specification from Microsoft, which you can download here :

	[https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=10725](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=10725 "https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=10725")

The *create\_sample.php* file will allow you to create two files, generated by simply catenating several times the *sample.rtf* file :

- *bigfile.rtf*, which should be around 43Mb
- *verybigfile.rtf*, which should readh more than 860Mb, a size too big to fit into memory.

## Running the script ##

The *beautify.php* script generates 3 files :

- *bigfile.string.txt*, the beautified contents of bigfile.rtf using the *RtfStringBeautifier* class
- *bigfile.file.txt*, the beautified contents of bigfile.rtf using the *RtfFileBeautifier* class
- verybigfile.txt, the beautified contents of verybigfile.rtf using the *RtfFileBeautifier* class (the *RtfStringBeautifier* class won't be used on this file since it's too large to fit into memory)

The contents of *bigfile.string.txt* and *bigfile.file.txt* must be the same.

Don't be surprised if the contents of the beautified files are shorter than their original version : this is because we use here the default beautifying options, which include the **BEAUTIFY\_STRIP\_IMAGE_DATA** ; therefore, image contents are stripped from the output and replaced with a comment saying : "/* x bytes of image data not shown */". 

# Example script : texter/texter.php #

This script echoes on its standard output the contents of file *sample.rtf*, located in the same directory.

# Example script : templater/templater.php #

This script echoes on its standard output the contents of file *sample.rtf*, located in the same directory, with all the templating instructions evaluated.


# Example script : merger/merger.php #

This script saves in file *output.rtf* the merged contents of files *sample1.rtf* through *sample4.rtf*.
 

 